Research questions:
1. How can simulation data be used to help game content designers make decisions?
2. How do game content designers respond to feedback from simulations of their content? How does that change based on how expected/unexpected the feedback was?
3. Do game content designers make significant changes after recieving simulation data?


Goals:
1. Does the interface facilitate the designs people wanted to make? What would help them?
2. How do participants feel about the feedback they are given? Was it expected?
3. Do participants make changes after being given feedback? How significant?



Study 1 Questions:

Pre-interview:
1. How much experience do you have with Hearthstone or other CCGs?
2. When did you last play? Did you play at launch?

While designing cards:
1. What role do you see this card filling in a deck?
2. What impact do you think this card will have on games?

After the design task:
1a. How do you feel about the cards you created?
    1b. Were you able to create the cards you wanted to make?
2a. How did you feel about the interface?
    2b. Is there anything you'd like to see added or changed?

At the followup:
1. Did this card have the impact you were expecting? Were you surprised? Was it more powerful than expected?
2. Would you like to make any changes to your card? Significant/Minor/None

suprise -> desire to change -> modification
how many had expected impacts
how many did they change
how many were as powerful as expected
how many were less powerful than expected

Reddit script:
Hello Reddit,

My name is Alex, I’m a researcher at The University of Sydney studying how machine learning can assist in card design. I’m looking for participants for a pair of 30-minute studies. In the first half you will design cards for a mini metagame. In the second study, at a later date, you will review feedback on your cards after they have been simulated in many virtual games. Participants who complete both halves of the study are eligible for a $50 AUD Battle.net gift card.

If this sounds like something you would be interested in, please sign up for the first 30-minute study using this doodle poll: https://doodle.com/bp/alexelton-pym/hearthstone-card-creation


todo:
per turn
change title



Patrick followup:

1 Underperforming, particularly in hunter control. Health 2.
2 Underperforming, wanted to reduce cost to make it more comboable. Other stats are expected.
3 Underperforming, felt like it was a bit nonbo, screwing over low mana hunter decks. Other stats expected. CHanged aoe damage to enemy only instead of friendly to prevent nonbo.

4 Overpwerformed, armor stats are explained, modified by swapping attack and health to make more defensive. General nerf
5 Expected to underperofm due to lack of pirate synergy. Relies on combo to perform. Would expect to perform better in combo deck, more spells or more pirates. Happy with how it is, because it should perform well in other decks. No change.
6 WOuld perform better in combo deck. Performed well in warrior because its a good matchup, poor in hunter and mage because they have cheaper small removal/trades. Happy with performance. (good in one matchup and bad in others)

7 Drawing betgter in more controlly long games vs mage. Card draw less powerful in faster hunter games. Drawing more cards is expected secondary stat. No changes needed.
8 Arcane missiles good vs mage with lots of little minions. Made hunter games faster probably due to face damage (hypothesised). Should be fun, sometimes good and sometimes bad. Liked randomness. "Not skill based, more of a fun card". No changes needed.
9 Secondary stat of increased minions played made. Depending on simulation rules, could be quite different. Good vs high value minion decks, weaker vs hunter with more low cost minions. Happy with how it is. 



huge changes to tiny winrate not as important as big change to balanced.
